2 commits, an initial translation of c00/30/04->14 and an extra adding sounds as per indication. planning to use dupe tool after this (#63)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c00/30/13/1/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Honey Select 2 v1.1.3 by Text Dump v1.4.1
//
………………=...
…………=.........
……ん……？=...Hmm?

> んっ、ん……お目覚めですか？　朝から失礼しています。んっ、もう少々、そのままお待ちください。=Ahnn.... Did you wake up? I'm sorry to disturb you in the morning. Ahh... Please wait a little longer.

Reviewer: "sorry I woke you. Don't move yet, I'm not done"
```suggestion
んっ、ん……お目覚めですか？　朝から失礼しています。んっ、もう少々、そのままお待ちください。=Ahnn.... You're awake? Excuse me for disturbing you this morning. Ahh... Please stay put a little longer.
```
